Hello.
My name is Kenzo and in this video you
will acquire English naturally by
watching, listening, and following along
as I play Minecraft hardcore.
So far in this series we've survived 100
days and in my last live stream I
finished building this XP farm. There
are three monsters here now. Let's kill
them. Die, die, die.
A skeleton.
XP.
I don't collect XP really fast
from this spawner
and I think oh
and I think that's because I need to
build more layers on top.
So that's what I'm going to do in this
video. I'm going to collect more XP
at my XP farm
and I'm going to build a second layer on
top. But for right now, let's open the
door and let's jump down. Jump.
Dive.
I dove in the water.
I'll get in my boat
and I'll sail back home.
It's night time so I'm going to sleep.
Open, close. Sleep. And it's morning.
I also built these copper golems during
my last live stream.
What are they doing?
Why are they pushing my dog?
I expanded the house a little bit. Now
the house is a little bit bigger.
I'm building a second chest room over
here. Let's go outside.
Here we are at my supporter wall. This
is the wall where I say thank you to
people who donate to help support this
channel.
Let's get some scaffolding and I'll
place it here.
Scaffolding
and I'll go up.
And here we go. I'll place my third sign
on my supporter wall.
Big thank you to Alden, Wasandra, Amon,
and Carsten. Thank you for supporting
this channel. Now we have three signs on
the supporter wall.
Big thank you to my supporters.
I'll pick up some cobbled deepslate.
Here's some more. Here's some more
tough.
I'll turn this tough into some more
chiseled tough bricks
and I'll make this cobbled deepslates
into
polished deepslate.
I'll take these trapdoors. Ooh, I'll
probably need more trapdoors. I'll take
my bamboo.
Maybe I can make bamboo trapdoors.
Bamboo, we'll turn them into bamboo
blocks.
And now we'll make these blocks into
planks
and we can make some bamboo trapdoors.
I'll also make some trapdoors out of
cherry wood.
There. I made a bunch of cherry
trapdoors. We're going to have one, two
three different kinds of trapdoors in
our XP farm. I'll get back in the boat
and I'll sail back to the waterfall.
Here we are.
I'll get out of the boat and
I'll start swimming up the waterfall.
Oh, wait. I need water in my buckets.
Back down.
Splash.
Let me fill my buckets with water. One,
two, three.
All right. Now I'll swim up the
waterfall.
Day 101.
There's my happy ghast. I'll get on my
happy ghast. There we go.
And I'll fly up to the top. I'm flying
up on my happy ghast
and
I'll get off of my happy ghast.
The sun is going down. Okay. Now I'm
just going to build the same thing that
I built on the first floor.
So I'll get some polished deepslate.
There we go. I'm building the same thing
I built on the first floor. So I'll go
up one more block
like this.
Okay. I'm going to need more
polished deepslate.
Okay. Only two deepslate left.
One, two and we're out of deepslate.
I guess I'll place my trapdoors.
I'll place trapdoors here. More
trapdoors.
Trapdoors here.
Ah.
Ah, one side left.
Okay. I'll get some cherry planks and
I'll place them right here and now I'm
going to create an infinite source of
water
by placing water here.
And I'll place the second bucket of
water here.
Now this water source is infinite.
So I'll place water here in the corners.
Oh, no.
I messed up this design.
I'll scoop up the water.
Now does it work?
Let's see.
Now it works. Okay. So I need to extend
all of these sides one block.
I'll place more torches
to stop the monsters from spawning. Now
I'll look for my happy ghast.
There it is.
I'm going to try to jump on my happy
ghast. Here we go.
No.
I missed.
I missed. I'll get in my boat
and I'm going to go back home. Can I go
to sleep? No. Well I guess I'll go
underground. I'll go collect more
cobbled deepslate. Now look, the
amethyst is blocking my way again.
Break and here we are, the bottom of the
world.
Let's mine
this way.
By the way, if you're enjoying these
videos and if you'd like to practice
speaking English with me directly, you
could book a call with me by clicking up
here on Google Meet or Tencent Meetings.
Let's keep mining.
Diamonds.
Awesome. I'm not going to pick them up
right now. I'm going to wait until I
have a fortune
pickaxe.
I'll mine around the diamonds and I'll
continue this direction.
It's getting dark so I'll place another
torch.
And let's keep mining.
Torch. Ooh.
That was my last torch. I have no more
torches.
All right. I can't see anymore. It's too
dark. So let's go back up. I got one,
two, three four full stacks and eight
more blocks here. I got a lot of cobbled
deepslate and I also found more
diamonds.
Here's our staircase. Let's go up the
long staircase. All right, let's go to
sleep. Let's go to sleep. Oh, no.
There are monsters nearby.
Where are the monsters?
No, no, no.
Into the water. Into the water.
That was close.
I'll use my spear.
Die, creeper.
Die.
I'll get some XP. Level 37. This zombie
is trapped in the boat.
Die, zombie.
More XP.
Now I'll go to sleep. Okay.
Let's turn this cobbled deepslate into
polished deepslate and I'm going to put
away my stuff in this copper chest
so the copper golems can organize it.
All this stuff.
Let's go outside.
Oh, now there's a creeper in my boat.
I'll get my spear and I'll kill the
creeper.
Die, creeper.
Let's charge the creeper.
Charge.
I killed it.
I'll pick up the XP and the gunpowder
and I'll get back in the boat. Let's
sail back to the XP farm. Let's complete
the second floor. Oh, wait.
I need snowballs.
Snowballs.
And here's the waterfall.
I'll start swimming up the waterfall.
Well, my happy ghast isn't coming down
here.
And I need to get up
on top of the XP farm.
Ghast, come here, ghast. Yes.
Oh, no. He's stuck.
Come on. No, ghast.
Come on.
Come here. I have snowballs.
Yes. There we go.
Jump.
And once again, I'm swimming up the
waterfall.
Come here, ghast.
Come here.
Ghast.
I need the ghast to come down a little
bit.
This way, ghast.
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Yes.
Yes. I got on the ghast.
Phew. Now I'm flying to the top. Oh,
look.
It's a cloud. We're going in a cloud.
I'm inside a cloud.
And I'll get off of the ghast. And this
time,
I'm going to pour some water
right
here.
Now I can use this waterfall to get back
up to the top. All right. Let's finish
building the second floor. I'll place my
water on this side as well as the
trapdoors.
One.
Two.
There we go.
Now I need to build the wall around this
using more deepslate.
Okay, I finished the wall.
Now I'll place more trapdoors like this.
I'll place the torch here for now.
And I need to do this on the three other
sides.
Oh, and here I'll switch to using bamboo
trapdoors.
And here I'll switch to jungle
Okay, I placed all the trapdoors. Now I
just need to build the roof.
And I need to break these torches.
I'll break the torches.
Break.
Break. Okay.
I'll jump on this to get up here and
I'll close it.
And now
I'll start building the roof.
Oh, no.
I forgot to break those blocks in the
middle.
I need to break these blocks here.
There we go.
Let's jump up.
And I'm out of deepslate. I need more
deepslate.
Where's my happy ghast? Come here, happy
ghast.
Come here.
And I'll get on my happy ghast. There's
the second level
of my XP farm.
I'm going to fly back home.
All right.
And I'm home. And the last thing that I
want to do in this video is enchant some
tools and some books.
There are three enchantments that I
want. The enchantment that I want the
most
is fortune. I want to put the fortune
enchantment on a diamond pickaxe.
I want the looting enchantment for a
sword and I want flame for a bow. I have
two books here. Here's a book.
Okay, I have three books. And here I
have some lapis lazuli.
So I have three books and a full stack
of lapis lazuli.
Let's go over to the enchanting table.
Let's see what happens when I put a
pickaxe in the enchanting table.
Unbreaking three.
Okay, that's not
fortune.
What about a sword?
Fire aspect. Okay, that's not looting.
And let's try a bow.
Unbreaking three. Okay, that's not
flame. So, let's enchant a book.
I'll put a book in the enchanting table
and some lapis lazuli.
Sharpness three. Let's get a level 30
enchantment on this book.
Sharpness three, power three, piercing
three. Let's try again.
Let's put the pickaxe in.
Efficiency four. No.
Let's try the sword.
Looting. Looting three.
There we go. That's what we want. So
let's build a new diamond sword.
Two diamonds.
Two diamonds. One stick. A diamond
sword.
Here we go.
Let's put the diamond sword in the
enchanting table
and some lapis
and let's get this level 30 enchantment.
Looting three.
So, with looting three, you collect more
things when you kill mobs.
Watch this.
Let's go in here. Let's open the gate
and close it.
These cows should not be here with the
sheep. So I'm going to kill these cows.
Die.
Look.
That one cow dropped
three leather
and four beef
because this sword has looting three.
Let's kill this cow.
And let's kill this cow. From those
three cows,
I got 11 beef and seven leather.
Looting three is really good. Let's go
back to the enchanting table. Let's try
the pickaxe again.
Efficiency four. That's not what we
want. We want fortune. Let's try the
bow.
Unbreaking. No.
So we'll enchant a book.
Lunge three.
I think this is an enchantment for the
spear.
Can I add lunge three to this spear?
Maybe on an anvil?
Lunge three.
Yeah, I can. It costs three XP.
Let's do it.
So now I have a diamond spear with smite
three, lunge three, and knockback one.
Whoa.
Lunge. Lunge.
Now we have a really powerful
spear.
But now I'm level 25. So I need to get
more XP at the XP farm.
But I'm going to end this video right
here. If these videos are being helpful
to you, the best way to support this
channel is by making a donation or by
buying some of my art
on my Ko-fi page by clicking up here.
Like and subscribe and I will see you in
the next video. See you.